PO-1884 Custom Account Information Component (#118)
hmcts/opal-frontend-common-ui-lib: projects/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/readme.md

# Custom Account Information item Component

> This Angular component provides a custom-account-information-item component, which will be content projected into the custom-account-information component to be used as a wrapper for label and values for the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Angular component acts as a layout wrapper for a single label–value pair within the `<opal-lib-custom-account-information>` block. It should only be used in combination with `<opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-label>` and `<opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-value>` to enforce consistent styling and alignment across metadata summaries.
```

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Inputs](#inputs)
- [Outputs](#outputs)
- [Methods](#methods)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Installation

```typescript
import { CustomAccountInformationComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information';
import { CustomAccountInformationItemComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item';
import { CustomAccountInformationItemLabelComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-label';
import { CustomAccountInformationItemValueComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-value';
```

## Usage

> You can use the alert component in your template as follows:

Reviewer: Copy and paste exception

```suggestion
You can use the account information item component in your template as follows:
```

```html

> <opal-lib-custom-account-information-item> </opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>

Reviewer: Give a working example of how to use the component:

```suggestion
<opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>
  <opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-label>Account name:</opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-label>
  <opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-value>Dave Smith</opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-value>
</opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>
```

import { CustomAccountInformationItemComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item';
import { CustomAccountInformationItemLabelComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-label';
import { CustomAccountInformationItemValueComponent } from '@hmcts/opal-frontend-common/components/custom/custom-account-information/custom-account-information-item/custom-account-information-item-value';
```

## Usage

You can use the custom account information item component in your template as follows:

By default the item will be set to use 'govuk-grid-column-one-third':

```html
<opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>
  <h3 opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-label>Account name:</h3>
  <p opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-value>Dave Smith</p>
</opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>
```

You can input into the itemClasses string with another govuk-grid-column class as required:

```html

> <opal-lib-custom-account-information-item itemClasses="govuk-grid-column-one-fourth">

Reviewer 2: I think we should default to one-fourth as that will be the standard.

  <h3 opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-label>Account name:</h3>
  <p opal-lib-custom-account-information-item-value>Dave Smith</p>
</opal-lib-custom-account-information-item>

> ```

Reviewer: Sorry to be a pain, but `govuk-grid-column-one-fifth` actually isn't a GDS class, this is something we have built so it would be better to refer here to `govuk-grid-column-one-fourth`
